a Twitter poll about shower habits went
viral this week after a man confessed to
never washing his legs results revealed
that around 80 percent of people washed
their legs every time they shower but 20
percent said it wasn't necessary
disgusting I always wash my legs in the
shower so you're gonna get all the piss
off
hands up if you think you should wash
your legs in the shower hands up please
Wow so most of you wash your legs and
hands up if you think washing your legs
is not necessary in the shower small
sizes like day fault coz the water goes
die like it doesn't just stop at your
weight so you don't think it's a source
of pride a well as you driving to wash
it goes down your legs yeah I don't
think I have what about your feet
because and then it's five for my usual
interval I'm not washing your arms just
doing that and then doing your hand no
it's got you there any looks filthy
privilege what's your shower routine
well basically start with the pits and
do you ask your service do your legs of
the royal penis is clearly oh the
parrots work my way down and then so the
soap collects here so I can go back to
that area needs be I get the legs in
because they're spike from gymnasium get
your feet I'm sorry
so you do wash your legs base yeah yes
pardon no one really washes their ears
okay I wish I'd said pardon men that was
all I don't know it just occurred to me
I was looking at you
[Applause]
you were looking at me anything looks
like a dirty
mom what's your shower selections I I
wash my legs every day okay I know my
side my ears it's just like just the
legs in the air
I don't like shower I learned myself
what do you think I just can't believe
how many Lake washes there are I too
would go straight to a foot
does anybody multitask in the shower
like brushing your teeth or doing
anything else anybody
yes ex-banker yeah I brush my teeth in
the shower do you do that every day yeah
what's the reason for that oh I like
being the shot more than standing
outside asked to do a survey for me
because I think that a lot of men we in
the shower is that true
I don't know Oh Ranga Nation sure fans
who pees in the shower hands up please
keep your hands up if you do that why
you're also in the show you know just
open the door and take a shower over a
bath
get me am a Marine for instance yeah
what is he's taking a shower with my mom
Rob what do you do what's your shower
routine well I'll get a shower and then
I do balls and dick first yeah then face
yeah
if I'm not prepared to have it robbed
over my face much respect anyone else
[Applause]
OCD per se Oh